Clarification of narrative, adding brief mentions to automated unit testing, and providing response to reviewer comments (#307)
SORTEE-Github-Hackathon/manuscript: content/06.discussion-a.md

There have been many calls for researchers outside of the software development community to adopt GitHub for their collaborative research [@doi:10.1029/2021ea001797; @doi:10.1111/tgis.12810; @doi:10.1038/538127a].
These calls come in light of the continuous shift towards open-science and the increasing computational and data requirements in EEB.
While tools like the Google Suite and DropBox enable rapid sharing and collaboration of some research documents, GitHub brings together features that directly integrate open science practices,  such the association of public discussions with data, code and findings, tracking multiple rounds of edits to files in a sensible way for easy review, and managing complex research projects with many collaborators and goals.

> Until now, resources and practical guidance on using GitHub within the EEB community have been dispersed across blog posts, written and video tutorials ([Box 2](#tips)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until now, resources and practical guidance on using GitHub within the EEB community have been dispersed across blog posts, as well as written and video tutorials ([Box 2](#tips)).
```

These resources have been useful for learning to use GitHub in our own research, as ecologists and evolutionary biologists.

> We expect that situating the main uses of GitHub in EEB alongside examples into this study will be useful to the EEB community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We expect that situating the main uses of GitHub in EEB alongside examples in this paper will be useful to the EEB community.
```
